DEVELOPERS.md, before:

`runmode.html` helper:
- let you highlight the specified sources in standalone
- useful to check the details of the token generated
- it is used to construct the regression test input / output.
- To use it, run `bin/start-runmode.sh` in project root. Open the specified URL in a browser.
    - Open the helper as file (i.e.,  with `file://` protocol ) will not work: It uses `fetch` to get the sample input sources, which requires http protocol.


Note about version history:
- Version `v0.9.0` is basically a snapshot of the code from (with minor path adjustment):
  https://github.com/orionlee/violentmonkey/commit/3535cddd16028bd727a2cc04b44bd31829417f29

- Commits after `v0.9.0` are in this repository only.

- The codes started out as a [pull request for Violentmonkey](https://github.com/violentmonkey/violentmonkey/pull/1022), it was decided to split the generic javascript-mixed support into its own repository, before the pull request was merged.
    - The commits prior to `v0.9.0` are snapshots of major changes, before the codes are migrated here. If one needs to know the details of the changes, see the version history in the pull request.

Commit message:

:doc: add test info in developers doc.

DEVELOPERS.md, after:

Testing:
- Use `npm run test` to run the test.

`runmode.html` helper:
- let you highlight the specified sources in standalone
- useful to check the details of the token generated
- it is used to construct the regression test input / output.
- By default, it reads the test case file, [`test/javascript-mixed/code-source.txt`](test/javascript-mixed/code-source.txt), and highlights it.
- To use it, run `bin/start-runmode.sh` in project root. Open the specified URL in a browser.
    - Open the helper as file (i.e.,  with `file://` protocol ) will not work: It uses `fetch` to get the sample input sources, which requires http protocol.


Note about version history:
- Version `v0.9.0` is basically a snapshot of the code from (with minor path adjustment):
  https://github.com/orionlee/violentmonkey/commit/3535cddd16028bd727a2cc04b44bd31829417f29

- Commits after `v0.9.0` are in this repository only.

- The codes started out as a [pull request for Violentmonkey](https://github.com/violentmonkey/violentmonkey/pull/1022), it was decided to split the generic javascript-mixed support into its own repository, before the pull request was merged.
    - The commits prior to `v0.9.0` are snapshots of major changes, before the codes are migrated here. If one needs to know the details of the changes, see the version history in the pull request.
